# The h1 header
Hello and welcome to The Gray! I am Devin Gray, a D&D enthusiast and fantasy nerd. I am relatively new to the D&D hobby, compared to some others out there. Here at The Gray, we’ll be exploring new TTRPG games, discussing campaign and session planning, and discussing anything else that sparks an interest for me. Mostly it’s just a place for me to get down some of my own thoughts, and maybe hear some of yours!

I am relatively new to the TTRPG hobby. I started seriously getting into D&D shortly after 5th edition was released. I had, however been exposed to earlier editions over a decade earlier thanks to some work friends who were playing 3.5. They loaned me books, invited me over for game nights, and generally encouraged me to get into the hobby, but I was in my early 20’s, and while I enjoyed the premise, I didn’t have the drive I felt it would take to really engage with the game.

In 2015, by random chance, I happened upon a recording of one of Penny Arcade’s Acquisitions Incorporated live shows, with Chris Perkins behind the screen, and I fell in love. I spent all my free time consuming D&D content, reading the Core Rulebooks, and wishing I lived in a place where I knew some people that would want to play.

In 2017, I discovered Roll20, found my first game, and it’s been non-stop ever since. I’ve run dozens of adventures and campaigns, both in person and online using Roll20, and played in several others. The majority of that experience has been with 5th edition on Roll20, which brings us to the point of this blog. I want to explore new virtual tabletops, different game systems, and anything else new or interesting. I’ll also be using this as a place to discuss the campaigns I’m currently running, discussing session prep and recaps. I’m sure I’ll also be talking about books and video games along the way as well, so stick around for all that and more!